c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe.config
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.pdb
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\Views\MyWindow.baml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\Views\MyWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.g.resources
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.pdb
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v13.1.dll
c:\users\tomawork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe.licenses
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\TomaWork\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe.config
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.pdb
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.pdb
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v13.1.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\Views\MyWindow.baml
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\Views\MyWindow.g.cs
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.g.resources
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\obj\Debug\MvvmExampleToma.exe.licenses
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Dal.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\Dal.pdb
E:\WorkWpf\TomaMvvm\TomaMvvm\MvvmExampleToma\MvvmExampleToma\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
